This is a simple interface between Matlab and the DGQT routine of MINPACK2.  It
utilizes the MEX interface for Matlab (see the External Interface Guide
from Mathworks).

Along with this file, there is a Makefile and four files of Fortran code.
First the dgqt.f and destsv.f files are the Fortran exactly from MINPACK
(destsv is needed by dgqt).  The xerbla_replacement.f file is a replacement for
the xerbla (error routine) from LAPACK: it is need because code called from
Matlab should not do direct Fortran writes: they should call the Matlab error
routine mexErrMsgTxt.

Finally, the file soltr.f contains the Gateway function (called mexFunction).
This simply processes and checks the inputs, allocates the outputs and work
arrays and then calls dgqt.

Note that for the Makefile to work, you must have the Lapack and BLAS libraries
installed in a "normal" place: they are linked in via "-llapack -lblas"
arguments to fmex (the mex complier).

After making the soltr.??? file (the extension depends on the architechure
you're on) you can use the function "soltr" (for solve trust region) inside
Matlab.  The calling information is as follows:

[f, x {, iter, info, par}] = soltr(A, b, delta {, rtol, atol, itmax, par})

Note that the items inside {...} are optional: the defaults (for the optional
inputs) are given below.

This command solves the trust region problem

	  min f(x) = 1/2 * x' * A * x + b' * x
	  s.t.   norm(x) <= delta

Input: 
	A -- A real square symmetric matrix.  Note that at this time the
		symmetry of A is not checked and only the upper triangle
		of A is used.

	b -- A vector who's size matches A.

	delta -- the trust radius.

	rtol -- The relative accuracy desired in the solution (default 1E-10).

	atol -- The absolute accuracy desired in the solution (default 1E-10).

	itmax -- The maximum number of iterations (default 100).

	par -- The initial estimate of the Lagrange multiplier for the
	       constraint norm(x) <= delta (default 0).

Output:

	f -- the optimal function value reached i.e. f(x) at the x given below.

	x -- the final estimate of the solution.

	iter -- the number of iterations that the code went through to get
		the solution.  It is not clear if this is actually supported
		by dgqt.  The dgqt routine included here has this parameter
		included, but does not document it.

	info -- Information about the solution:
		  info = 1  The function value f(x) has the relative
			    accuracy specified by rtol.
		  info = 2  The function value f(x) has the absolute
			    accuracy specified by atol.
		  info = 3  Rounding errors prevent further progress.
			    On exit x is the best available approximation.
		  info = 4  Failure to converge after itmax iterations.
			    On exit x is the best available approximation.

	par --  The final estimate of the Lagrange multiplier.


Please see the documentation included in the dgqt.f file for more information
about these parameters (the naming conventions have been kept the same).
